[MUSIC]
>> Scott Moss: So, this should be
working right, so if you go, [SOUND].
NPM starts, boom boom boom,
that's still running.
We should be able to come in here and
have that, right.
So, if I go to admin.
They'll go to admin, but just to show you
that this is working, if I opened up this,
the console, I go to resources,
I get rid of the JSON web Token.
Is saving this by the way,
if you're wondering how that got there.
Then I refresh, and
if I click on admin they're like, no, no,
you've got to go to sign in.
I don't have an account,
so I'm gonna sign up.
So, this is the thing that we just made,
so let's test that out.
Let's sign up for an account.
Cool, that worked, brought us to admin.
Now if we go look back
at the resources you'll
see.
>> Scott Moss: That
the JSON Web Token is there now.
It's this thing right here.
That's the JSON Web Token.
You see that?
And then what I want to show you is, like
what is happening on every single course.
Remember we said, the JSON Web Token
must be sent on every single request.
And it must be on
the authorization header.
And it must have like bearer space
the token or on the query param.
If you look at the output of our
terminal here, it's definitely
not on a query param because if it
was it would show it right here.
If it was on a query param
it would show it right here.
So it's not in a query param, so
we're assuming that it's on the header.
Also here's that options request that
I was talking about as far as cores.
You'll see that it's saying options,
options.
That's the preflight check
that Chrome is sending,
to make sure that we can
access the resources.
But, so now, let's do this.
I'm gonna say,
my new blog post love to write Java
scripts like in JavaScript.
So, if I hit done, that totally
created it right and my blog is there.
But let see what that looked like,
out of the way
I guess I need to have it open when
I do it right, otherwise it won't do.
You go out here that's really annoying.
So, let's go back to admin and
try that again.
I want you to see what the headers are.
So, another post, blah, blah, blah,
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah and done.
Cool.
So, that made a post,
is this the post request?
No, that's the git request.
Is that the poster class?
Here it is.
All right, so here's the headers.
>> Scott Moss: Right there,
see that?
>> Scott Moss: So,
here are our headers that we sent.
Authorization header, Bearer,
and then the JSON Web Token.
That's Angular doing that.
So before, every single request,
Angular goes into local storage.
It looks for the thing the Local Storage
key that I gave it which is,
in this case, it looks for
anything with this key, ngblog/token.
And if there's something there,
it grabs the token and then attaches it to
the header, Authorization
property as Bearer space header.
>> Speaker 2: Can you show-
>> Scott Moss: Before the request
goes out.
>> Speaker 2: Can you show that again
in the code?
>> Scott Moss: In the Angular code?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, or
that's against the rules.
>> Scott Moss: It's not against the rules.
Does anybody wanna see that?
I don't know, this is a node class,
anybody wanna see that in Angular?
>> Speaker 2: Or
else you can just tell me where it is.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah,
it's on the block branch.
Go to share.js,
it's in that file, you'll see it.
All right,
everybody with me how that works?
Yeah, Mark?
>> Mark: They were wondering,
how does this all work with
API key style authorization?
Do you just treat the API key as
a prebuilt token of a user name and
password?
>> Scott Moss: How does this work with
the API key style?
>> Mark: Yeah.
>> Scott Moss: So API key
is not the same thing as this.
So, what we're talking about is user
authentication and stuff like that.
API key is more like an application
identification and authorization.
So API key is like I
have this API server and
let's say it has,
I don't know, three clients.
We have a web client, we have an Android
client, we also have a IOS client, right?
So, in order to only allow requests
to come in from those three clients,
we might make API keys for
those three clients.
Maybe they all have their
own different API key,
maybe there's just one API key, right?
That's not the same as the JSON Web
Tokens, which are what the users would use
once they were already
authorized on those clients.
So, the JSON Web Tokens are for the users
or for any type of authentication you use,
whereas an API key is like, I wanna
authorize this client to use this API.
So, could you use a JSON Web Token for
an API key?
Yeah, of course you can do that.
But that's completely different
than what we're talking.
You would put that, you would still
put that on the header too more or
less.
>> Mark: And then someone else is asking
for you to to talk about slugs and slugify
>> Scott Moss: Slugify is awesome.
I'm not using slugify here, the only
reason I'm not using slugify here, there's
actually a module in called slugify that,
for instance, you see the title of this
blog post it's called ten reasons you
should love IE7 with space to limit it.
But, if I click it, you look at the URL,
it's dash limit it.
So that's a slug, right?
You could totally do that on the back end,
but
when I made this front end thing,
we didn't have a back end.
The first few days we made
this it was all Angular, so
I had to do this on the front end.
But on the back end,
yes you would turn this into a slug.
There are known models that
do it pretty easily, but
if you're going to do it yourself the code
is actually in that Angular repo.
But really all I did was just I just ran
it through a that looked for a space and
replaced it with a dash, that's all I did.
But, a proper slugify would probably
lowercase everything and stuff like that.
But there are node models that do it, and
you should totally do that on database.
And you should probably save the slug
in the database, on the model,
next to the to all the other stuff on
the post, but again, we didn't do that.
But yeah, you should totally do that.
>> Scott Moss: Any other questions?
Yes, what do you got?
>> Speaker 4: Well, it's but.
So, it's attaching that JSON Web Token
to every request, right?
So, let's say you're requesting
to some other website.
>> Scott Moss: Right.
>> Speaker 4: And you
provided some authorization header.
You'd be overriding it
with the JSON Web Token,
right?
>> Scott Moss: If
you made a request to another website?
>> Speaker 4: And you're like,
this website wants this authorization, so
you supply that, and then you send it.
Well it's gonna
intercept that reroute the JSON-
>> Scott Moss: Yeah.
But you can turn it off on a route basis.
I have it setup to where you
do like HTTP you consider-
>> Speaker 4: You have to change the URL.
>> Scott Moss: You can say,
don't authenticate this problem.
>> Speaker 4: Okay, got you.